docs/src/prototypes/sn01.md, before:

# SN 01 - Function over Form

[https://github.com/Zageron/ffrust](https://github.com/Zageron/ffrust)

----

## Project

We would like to create a rough draft of an FFR remake in Rust for desktop (linux, mac, and windows) and future browsers (wasm / webgpu).

----

## Constraints

### Technical Constraints
  
- WebGPU is not yet supported in general availability browsers.
- No GUI or TUI will be implemented.
- No game engine will be used.

### Design Constraints

- User input will be restricted to the spacebar.
- There is no audio or music.
- "Charts" are a simple ASCII file with no metadata.
  - "Notes" are represented as a list of ms timings.
- Single lane gameplay.
(Simplified [Taiko No Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin).)
  - Notes spawn at the end of the lane, on screen.
  - Notes move at linear pace up the lane.
  - Notes despawn at the top of the lane.
  - Notes may despawn when interacted with during the "receptor" stage.
- Score is tallied in two buckets
  - Hit
  - Miss
- No state, the game begins immediately on loading application.
  - Likewise, the chart does not repeat once finished.

### Implementation Constraints

- Notes are rendered though a simple shape shader.
  - No texture loading.
- Note position/existence is determined by an absolute ms tick.
- Notes follow a single path along a "lane".
  - Notes are not free to be positioned, but instead have a progress on a lane.
- Lane representation which notes may move along.

### Completion Requirements

- Shader for representing the notes.
- Lane implementation.
  - Note lifetime (spawning and despawning)
- Note implementation.
- "Chart" interpreter.
- Chart format and exmaple file.
- Keyboard event for spacebar.
- Hit timing mechanism for determining whether a note was hit or not.

----

Commit message:

Add note about native and wasm support.

docs/src/prototypes/sn01.md, after:

# SN 01 - Function over Form

[https://github.com/Zageron/ffrust](https://github.com/Zageron/ffrust)

----

## Project

We would like to create a rough draft of an FFR remake in Rust for desktop (linux, mac, and windows) and future browsers (wasm / webgpu).

----

## Constraints

### Technical Constraints
  
- WebGPU is not yet supported in general availability browsers.
- No GUI or TUI will be implemented.
- No game engine will be used.

### Design Constraints

- User input will be restricted to the spacebar.
- There is no audio or music.
- "Charts" are a simple ASCII file with no metadata.
  - "Notes" are represented as a list of ms timings.
- Single lane gameplay.
(Simplified [Taiko No Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin).)
  - Notes spawn at the end of the lane, on screen.
  - Notes move at linear pace up the lane.
  - Notes despawn at the top of the lane.
  - Notes may despawn when interacted with during the "receptor" stage.
- Score is tallied in two buckets
  - Hit
  - Miss
- No state, the game begins immediately on loading application.
  - Likewise, the chart does not repeat once finished.

### Implementation Constraints

- Notes are rendered though a simple shape shader.
  - No texture loading.
- Note position/existence is determined by an absolute ms tick.
- Notes follow a single path along a "lane".
  - Notes are not free to be positioned, but instead have a progress on a lane.
- Lane representation which notes may move along.

### Completion Requirements

- Shader for representing the notes.
- Lane implementation.
  - Note lifetime (spawning and despawning)
- Note implementation.
- "Chart" interpreter.
- Chart format and exmaple file.
- Keyboard event for spacebar.
- Hit timing mechanism for determining whether a note was hit or not.
- Native application rendering and input.
- WASM application rendering and input.

----
